Add basic documentation (#21)
qutip/qutip-jax: doc/source/installation.rst

************
Installation
************

.. _quickstart:

> Qutip-Jax needs the development version of Qutip and installation is only possible from source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Qutip-Jax needs the development version of Qutip and installation is only possible from source.
```

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install qutip --pre
    pip install git+https://github.com/qutip/qutip-jax.git

.. _prerequisites:

Prerequisites
=============
This package use the development version of QuTiP, Jax, equinox and diffrax.

The following to packages are used for plotting and testing:

.. code-block:: bash

    matplotlib pytest

In addition

.. code-block:: bash

    sphinx numpydoc sphinx sphinx_rtd_theme

> are used to build and test the documentation.

Reviewer: Minor thing: This perhaps  suggest that these packages need to be installed manually yet the testing requirements should be in setup.cfg and the documentation requirements and in doc/requirementes.txt.

> The following to packages are used for plotting and testing:
> 
> .. code-block:: bash
> 
>     matplotlib pytest
> 
> In addition
> 
> .. code-block:: bash
> 
>     sphinx numpydoc sphinx sphinx_rtd_theme
> 
> are used to build and test the documentation.

Author: I will simplify:
```suggestion
We use ``pytest`` for testing.

See doc/requirementes.txt for a list of package needed to build the documentation.
```
